[DOCS-1208] Update docs about managing run groups in the UI (#1814)
wandb/docs: models/runs/grouping.mdx

1. If you selected more than one column, drag them to change the grouping order.
1. Click anywhere outside of the form to dismiss it.

### 4. Manage groups in the UI

#### Manage a run
After a run is initialized, you can move it to a new group from your workspace or its **Runs** page.

1. Navigate to your W&B project.
1. Select the **Workspace** or **Runs** tab from the project sidebar.
1. To move a single run, search or scroll to it. Hover over the run name, click the three vertical dots, then click **Move to another group**.
1. To create a new group, click **New group**. Type a group name, then submit the form.
1. To delete a run, click the three vertical dots, then click **Delete run**.
1. To move a run, select the new group from the list, then click **Move**.

#### Manage runs in bulk

> 1. If necessary, [toggle grouping by columns](#toggle-grouping-by-column-in-the-ui), grouping by the **Group** column.

Reviewer: Should we add an [intro sentence](https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/lists-and-tables) to set off these lists?

> 1. If necessary, [toggle grouping by columns](#toggle-grouping-by-column-in-the-ui), grouping by the **Group** column.

Author: ```suggestion
This section shows how to manage multiple runs at once, across one or more run groups.

1. If necessary, [toggle grouping by columns](#toggle-grouping-by-column-in-the-ui), grouping by the **Group** column.
```

1. Expand a group to view its runs. In a single bulk operation, you can move runs from different groups to the same target group. Expand all relevant groups.
1. To select all runs in a group, click the checkbox next to the group name.
1. To select individual runs, click their checkboxes.
1. To select all runs in all groups, click the checkbox next to the **Name** column heading.
1. Above the table, choose a bulk operation: **Tag**, **Move to group**, **Move to project**, or **New sweep**.

#### Create a group

> 1. Navigate to your W&B project.

Author: ```suggestion
To create a new run group:
1. Navigate to your W&B project.
```

1. Select the **Workspace** or **Runs** tab from the project sidebar.
1. Click **New group**. Type a group name, then submit the form.

#### Delete a group

> When you move or remove all runs from a group, the group is deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a group, remove all runs from it. This automatically deletes the group.
```
I think this is more directly instructional.
